let's take a trip to the quiet village
of shawnee singapore india
you've heard it's like no other place in
the world and you'll
soon find out why first you'll fly into
new delhi the capital city
you land and grab another flight to pune
it'll take about two hours
from there you hop a train and travel
another four hours to rahuri
finally a taxi takes you the remaining
17 miles
after a day of traveling you've reached
the destination it's early in the
morning the sun hasn't even risen yet
you drive through the village and
nothing seems out of the ordinary
but that's when it hits you there's not
a single door or
window on any of these buildings well
maybe those ones are abandoned no longer
in use
but so many have you just arrived in
some ghost town
in an instant all the travel fatigue
disappears
like you haven't just overcome thousands
of miles and how many different types of
transport already
you get out of the taxi and explore the
village you look around and find
yourself
in the middle of a neighborhood or is it
the houses have no
doors or windows there's no way anybody
lives here
you walk down the street looking around
you can't find any signs of life
wait what's that noise as you approach
one of the houses
you hear the knocking more clearly
there's a man
outside fixing a table now you can also
hear a woman talking and kids playing
the village is waking up there are
people here
as you venture further you can see that
although the houses don't have doors or
windows
people do live here a family is sitting
down to breakfast in that house to the
left
you can clearly see into their home in
that one to the right
a man is putting on his sandals probably
about to head to work
now you enter the market area full of
little shops
some are already working and the sellers
invite you to buy something
but some stores are closed well you
wouldn't know it
stores don't have any doors either the
salesperson isn't in yet
but you can clearly see all the goods
sitting in there without any supervision
did the owners leave their stores like
that all night
something very strange is going on here
you've seen everything
now it's time to get some answers you
approach an
elderly villager he's probably lived his
whole life here
he'll know what's going on you greet him
respectfully
and your curious mind must know why
don't you have any doors windows or
locks in your village
he raises his deep dark eyes at you and
smiles
sure kid make yourself comfortable
legend has it that 300 years ago
a heavy rain and severe flood struck the
village
a big slab of black rock washed up on
the shore of the peninsula river that
used to flow there at that time
when the storm stopped raging and the
villagers finally went outside
they found a rock they touched the slab
with a stick
and it started bleeding astounded they
left it there
that night shawnee the most feared deity
in hindu
visited the village's leader in his
sleep he said the rock is his
icon and that he'd chosen this village
to reside in from now on
he promised to live there and protect
the people from any danger
but he had one condition he ordered them
to keep the rock in town
out in the open space so he could
observe the whole village
he forbade building any roofs over the
slab he didn't want to live in a shadow
and because it's so powerful no roof
could possibly stand it
the villagers listened to shawnee and
did everything he said
the rock was placed on a platform in the
heart of the town
the villagers immediately felt protected
having shani watch over them
every second of their lives they got rid
of locks
because they were no longer needed they
removed all the doors
so that shawnee could freely see them
the locals say
just like our homes don't have any doors
and are always open
our minds are as well from then on they
lived in peace under the watchful
protective eye of their guardian
anyone who attempts theft is said to be
punished with blindness
and any other dishonest action would
result in a circle of bad
luck lasting seven and a half years the
rule is simple
there should be no doors and this
tradition is still going to this day
many times did shawnee show his power
close to the iconic rock there stands a
tree
everybody believed that when it grows
bigger the branches will cover the
sacred object
but whenever they've grown long enough
to shade the rock the branches would
catch
fire or break and fall to the ground
when that happened
nobody was ever injured another time
there was a wedding
the weather suddenly started raging and
a lightning bolt struck the tree
nobody was harmed but the tree burned
for 12 hours
until there was nothing left to fuel the
flames but the next day
it was all green again it's been a long
time but the locals still believe in
their guardian and live by their
traditions
they sleep safe and sound at night in
their houses with no doors or locks
you might see a wooden pallet leaning up
against a threshold here and there
don't be fooled it's not to keep people
out but scavenging
animals everything inside a home all the
money
jewelry anything valuable is left
entirely unsecured and when leaving
no one even asks their neighbors to
watch the house because
they know they don't need to store
owners can go somewhere for a couple of
weeks
and they simply leave all their goods on
the shelves perfectly visible and
accessible from the outside
but nobody dares to steal they do have a
police station but since it was built in
it hasn't gotten a single report yet
it's hard to keep the tradition nowadays
all these new norms of the outside world
are starting to leak in
the village does have one door in 2011
they got a bank and it has a glass door
but they say it's never locked for
safety the bank sends the cash to a
neighboring town
before it closes for the night there are
skeptics you know
some people doubt shawnee's powers they
say the village doesn't have crime
because
it's so remote others think that there
is crime but is kept secret to maintain
the village's reputation
most of the locals are determined to
follow the tradition and believe in
shawnee's protection
but some are trying to get permission to
put up doors and install
locks maybe someday that first person
will do it the next will follow
the new norm will set in and the age-old
tradition will be lost
or maybe this place will manage to keep
its strange but
fascinating costume